Adds deployment cookbook with a set of examples/instructions (#394)
DAGWorks-Inc/burr: docs/examples/deployment/infrastructure.rst

-------------------------------------
Provisioning Infrastructure/Deploying
-------------------------------------

> Burr is not opinionated about the method of deployment/cloud one uses. Any method that can run a python server will work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Burr is not opinionated about the method of deployment/cloud one uses. Any method that can run python code, or web-service will work
```
